README.md, before:

FarmApplication

! notice that this app is using razor pages instead of MVC, both versions of .net core but work slightly differently
using .net 8.0, if downloading nuget files try to download version 8 of them.

the hot reload button will refresh the website is its open when making changes.

helpful links: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68towqYcQlY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eru2emiqow0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfEjDD8mWYg

Information about the project:

The Migrations folder is used for connecting to databases.
The Model folder is used to store classes which can be saved to the databases (the database is made of the class fields).
The Data folder shoudn't be too important, but is used to estabilsh the links between classes to databases, stores the DBcontexts for the different dbs.
Layout pages appear on every page of the application.
Pages should be self explanitory.
The Areas Folder is used for the login system, contains the log in pages and db files, should be able to ignore it for the most part
If adding new file to Pages, reference it in the imports file

Migrating data to the database:

Tools -> NuGet Packet manager -> package manager console. then add-migration "migration name" -dbcontext (change that for the name of the context to migrate)
type update-database -dbcontext in Packet manger console, the DB will now be viewable in View -> SQL Server objecct explorer in the Databases folder.

tutorial I used to set up the login system - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzaoQiS_9dI

What I think we need to do:
- create 3 tables for the different types of resources (equipments, workers, crop). Make sure to link it to the users account.
- have a page where the user can create tasks on thier farm which will allow them to select a field and some other options
- create a calender to view the tasks they have created
- not sure what to do after that (maybe improve the add field feature, like draw a box over a google map image).

Commit message:

got id to link to form submissions

README.md, after:

FarmApplication

! notice that this app is using razor pages instead of MVC, both versions of .net core but work slightly differently
using .net 8.0, if downloading nuget files try to download version 8 of them.

the hot reload button will refresh the website is its open when making changes.

helpful links: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68towqYcQlY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eru2emiqow0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfEjDD8mWYg

Information about the project:

The Migrations folder is used for connecting to databases.
The Model folder is used to store classes which can be saved to the databases (the database is made of the class fields).
The Data folder shoudn't be too important, but is used to estabilsh the links between classes to databases, stores the DBcontexts for the different dbs.
Layout pages appear on every page of the application.
Pages should be self explanitory.
The Areas Folder is used for the login system, contains the log in pages and db files, should be able to ignore it for the most part
If adding new file to Pages, reference it in the imports file

To add mulitple items to a database, include the context for them all in one DBContext file.

Migrating data to the database:

Tools -> NuGet Packet manager -> package manager console. then add-migration "migration name" -context "dbcontext" (change that for the name of the context to migrate)
type update-database -dbcontext in Packet manger console, the DB will now be viewable in View -> SQL Server objecct explorer in the Databases folder.

tutorial I used to set up the login system - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzaoQiS_9dI

What I think we need to do:
- create 3 tables for the different types of resources (equipments, workers, crop). Make sure to link it to the users account.
- have a page where the user can create tasks on thier farm which will allow them to select a field and some other options
- create a calender to view the tasks they have created
- not sure what to do after that (maybe improve the add field feature, like draw a box over a google map image).


why this is in a different branch - this one has the code to link the userid to the form being submitted, however a lot of bloat was kinda added trying to figure it out.
